ref: Improve JS SDK Component Tracking Documentation (#5619)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/react/features/component-tracking.mdx

---
title: Track React Components
excerpt: ""

> description: "Learn how Sentry's React SDK lets you monitor the rendering performance of your React components"

Reviewer: Let's make these consistent if it makes sense. If not, then just make sure to add a period to this sentence.

```suggestion
description: "Learn how Sentry's React SDK allows you to monitor the rendering performance of your application and its components."
```
